Subject: Your eDocument(s) are ready for viewing

From: ibanking.alert@dbs.com

To: ('HKMPEH@GMAIL.COM',)

Date: 2026-07-18 02:09:56+08:00

View your account details at one glance

Problems viewing this email? Select "always display images"




















View your DBS/POSB eDocument(s)


























Dear Customer,


Your eDocument(s) are ready for viewing:



















Dividend
ETF: Subscription
Payment Advice























To view your eDocument(s), simply login to digibank (Online or Mobile).

Please note that if you are enrolled for hardcopy statements, advice and letters, you will continue to receive them by mail until June 2026*.

From July 2026 onwards: Most of your statements, advice and letters will be sent digitally via eDocuments. We will notify you via email and push notification when your eDocument(s) are ready for viewing.
If at any time you wish to enrol for selected paper documents, you may do so via digibank mobile by tapping Manage under eDocuments .
*For customers aged 65 and above, you’ll continue to receive your statements, advice and letters by mail, with the added convenience of viewing them on digibank.














How to access your eDocument(s)?

























digibank Online 

• Login to digibank Online

• Under the "eDocuments" section on the main page, select the document you wish to view

• Click "Show all" to view all available documents



















digibank Mobile 

• Login to digibank Mobile

• Tap "More" on the bottom navigation and under Quick Access, tap on "eDocuments"































Apply for digibank now! 
If you do not have any digibank access, you can download the digibank mobile app in the official App Store, Google Play Store and Huawei App Gallery to get started.



















Protect Yourself! 

We recommend you notify us within 14 days of this statement date should you find any discrepancy in your statement. This helps us to resolve any issues promptly and protect your interests.



































This is an auto-generated message. Please do not reply to this email.

For enquiries, visit our DBS Help & Support Page

or chat with us on DBS digibot on our official DBS website.


DBS Bank Ltd Co. Reg. No.: 196800306E